no but for that I believe we would have to be
born again But there are people there are
people
in total totally totally that we have more
to talk about Hey to close
a lot of craziness with your hair you have it very
pretty no it's not that no it's that I'm very
nervous Sorry forgive me
this fantasy because
this has already gotten out of hand and I don't know what it is
Look let's summarize it in
you
how well you act Let's see then we can
expand on this authentic fantasy
please ladies and gentlemen ladies and gentlemen
observe
this wonderful photo
print it put it as a background on your
computer desktop
put it printed on your bag what is
Kiko Hernández's work about so that he has
painted his face like this well look at
Kiko Hernández's work it's not the one about
instinct no That's the other one that was
canceled let's see it right now I'm going to read the
synopsis Kiko Hernández work Well look
gentlemen it's not worth the Trojans I
mean imagine that they must be okay
the Trojans let's
see a little humor At the last minute
then these clips come out and they say Look let's
see gentlemen well well let's analyze let's
see that pose well Rocío  Carrasco in
fuchsia
in case it wasn't predictable more than the
weather in the Canary Islands then please
please people of the chat what is
that braid what is
that braid that Rocío is wearing, does it
close something of the work for us no because the
other one also has it no the other one also
has the same tendency I don't know I don't
know I don't see Anabel's face
I don't see her completely happy and she makes you a
friend and here she knows I see him I see him I
think it will be a bad photo and
tiredness whatever because Quico
has a lot of pride I mean he has to be like that that
Rocío Carrasco goes
to see him falsely because in reality he
really in reality these three can't
see each other Marina say aesthetic violence
[Laughs]
Oh I can't it's that in reality my
thought Is that these people can't
see each other Kiko Hernández can't see
these two and these two can't see it that's
my thought that I'm all
fanserio posturing and the subject of dressing
Rosa Well you're going to allow me you don't know
that I never get into the subject of
clothing, the subject of physique and so on
but well let's see  you can see that
we're a little bit joking around now
lately
In my opinion they have very bad taste
when it comes to dressing getting ready and we
say it and we say it you you in a sweatshirt and
I who know the Full
Locker employee you know I consider myself that right now
I'm doing better than them I'm
not going to mess with him because he's
working but her dads to
make millionaire people right for people
who can afford it as they like they
have a style and you know but
well the truth is that the theater the theater
is beautiful I mean I like the theater I
imagine that this was after or before
because I imagine there would be more of an
audience man Let's wait no wait no
wait no
Our Lady over here picking up this
was what they were talking about today on
Sálvame I don't know if in the end they touched on the
subject because I haven't seen it because I've
been to the nutritionist but come on
people are pissing themselves it's no wonder
I see this photo let's let's
analyze what
Rocío Carrasco and her friend Isabel Dueñas represent
how she loves the publicity that we've
given her no  you can complain eh the
solidity for the Instagram followers
Come on, come on, and there's Rocío Carrasco
with the great Executioner of her daughter Rocío
Flores
is that I do not assume it It's that then they say
then they told me to me then they said
Look at the great hater of Rocío Carrasco
with Rocío Flores or José Alcaide and Marina
Aznar with Rocío Flores in Congress
please let's have facts take care of that
girl as much as possible and this please
because I have never said anything about Rocío Carrás
with the barbarities that she has said that they
run away from Rocío Flores she
hits mothers real guy Hello, it's that
I think they are taking a
picture that that day she was not having a good
day
but yes yes I mean literally no matter how
much you have told your story
you allow that you allow not
only that you allow but that you allow
and she takes photos and hugs and caresses
with the people who crush your daughter total
I if people do not care to
finish let's look at what her work is about
worth it in case anyone is interested let's
see if this is  did you have a good time or not
Kiko Hernández la troyanas synopsis in
case anyone wants to go see it Hey if you
come to Madrid we can go I'll give me
accreditations
I'll save a space For that if you really want to it there's no
synopsis Why
tickets to the Corte Inglés so you can
get it so you can go and
find her surprise if I think she's the one
who told me she was going bald Sotelo I'm laughing
my head off
when you pull on her braids they bring you
tea at 5 It's unbeatable the truth
Besides I think they must have made
a reference there I can't
beat
there tesa How pretty you are it's that they're
all over the place I love her that in my present I mean
kids Where is she going now we're going to
kids
there today But Javi But how are you but
if you're yes when I connected
with you before at 10:15 you were dying
Carrillo
[Music]